Fritts, 2/15:  Terrific detail in your reports.  Keep it up.  :)  
               Please upload new Gantt chart, and would like to see it include preliminary Deliverable #4 timeline.

Week 1: I added a context to the app, so we can store variables and methods in a global scope (we were passing them between screens before). I also modified plot view to include row and column labels.

Week 2: I redid PlotView to prepare for linking up with database connection. Added functionality for different plant species as well as dead plants. Then, I changed everything from 'plot' to 'block' since apparently that's what we're calling it now.

Week 3: I realized I messed everything up by using context, so the database connection didn't work. I redid everything using global variables instead and hopefully it's working now.

Week 4: I began working out the finer details of how to prefill Google Forms links. We met and I explained how to do that to Hamad & Julia, then we delegated tasks. We gave Hamad the task of writing a function to prefill links while I will be filling out the database with actual plant records.

Week 5: I worked on the domain model. I also upladed a few blocks of plant data to the database with some python. Python is so much easier then react js.

Week 6: I arranged a meeting with MJ (client) so we can finally figure out what we are actually making. I also worked on fully connecting the database throughout the app.

Week 11: Since the last report I have updated plant icons to change dynamically to indicate when you have completed a survey for a plant. We are currently attempting to plan a time to test with end users.

Week 12: We met with Danforth Center people and got great suggestions! I took one of these and designed a new "info" section for the app so users can see details about the plant they're surveying as they're doing it.

Week 13: I updated all the forms and surveys in the database, and added responses for all the forms. Now the app is fully functional (albeit with meaningless surveys)
