Fritts, 2/15:  Terrific detail in your reports.  Keep it up.  :)
               Please upload new Gantt chart, and would like to see it include preliminary Deliverable #4 timeline.

Week 2 - 1/25/2022

This past week we tried to meet with Dr. Stylianou to get ourselves set up but she ended up needing to go to a meeting. She answered our questions via text format, but I'm still a little cconfused, so I need to fix it so I can ask better/more specific questions. I was reading up more on how data is stored within firebase realtime databases/ firestore databases and I think that given the amount of data I now know we need to store, firestore might be better. I've watched videos on this implementation and I'd like to get started on that this coming week.

Week 3 - 1/31/2022

This week we weren't able to meet with Dr. Stylianou but I drafted an updated project plan and she seems pleased with the plan, which is good. I designed and got the new firestore firebase database running. I also implemented the dynamic generation of a list while reading from the firestore database. woo

Week 4 - 2/8/2022

Just some more work with the connection of firebase firestore and the app. A lot of failures on my end- alex was mvp this week in that his worked!

Week 5 - 2/15/2022

I connected (successfully) two more screens and attempted (so far unsuccessful) the connection of the last two screens. Am hoping to get that done before Thursday (when we meet with Dr. Stylianou).

Week 6 - 2/22/2022

I connected (succcessfully) one more screen and am trying so hard to get this last stupid screen hooked up. Annoying as heck.

Week 7 - 3/1/2022

Successfully connected the last screen on branch fullconnect! There was a stupid dumb annoying error but Hamad fixed it, thanks Hamad. I was too frustrated to figure it out. Worked with MJ, Dr. Stylianou, and my team to come up with ideas for how to proceed with our app and make the most people happy. (we won't be able to do everything, so we need to prioritize)

Week 11 - 3/27/2022

We met to discuss final plans for the app. The current task that I'm working on is reading survey results from a Google Sheets into the database. This looks challenging, but there are quite a few resources. Looks like I'll need to make a script throught the Google Scripts service and connect it to the Google firestore service.
